Xiaoya Tianzawa
How did you come back together?
Ah, that one I happened to meet
So, Xiaoya
I think of you as my best friend.
Don't hide it from me
How could it be?
Oops, I've been a little tired lately.
I'll go in and rest first, hey, hey.
Oh.
Linger, are you hungry?
Why don't I make you supper?
This guy is definitely sleepy
I must find out
Don't do it, I'm sleepy too.
You can go back.
You kill him?
Xiaoya
Why did you come out? Are you not afraid of Linger finding out?
I heard him go back to the house and fall asleep.
Brother Tianzi
Thank you for trusting me so much
I'll take good care of those villas for you
By the way, I also have a gift for you.
What!
My First Kiss
Ok you Sanya
I consider you my best friend
You touched my man?